The Joe Rogan experience. Now what about fat? Like, yeah,
I would think that you would need fat.
Well, yeah, you do. And that's, that's why you eat the whole animal, you know,
suck the brain out of the rabbit. Try to get every bit of fat you can get.
And I, I learned a lot about that out there because, uh, I mean,
I caught a lot of rabbits and squirrels early on,
but I still just lost the weight as fast as if I wasn't eating. It felt like,
Yeah, I was, when I went out there, I was like,
I wonder how long that takes is that like a year, but basically it's,
as soon as you start eating, right. But there's no fat, not much on him.
It was like maybe enough to make up for the energy.
I was expending by running around. Like,
I don't think I lost fat weight faster than someone that was just sitting there.
It was probably about the same, but I was able to run around and have fun,
you know, shoot my bow and like learn my land,
see how animals were moving and stuff.
So you didn't have any supplies that you initially set out with in terms of.
No food, no food. Yeah. It's,
it's a fascinating experience when the helicopter drops you off flies away and
you're,
you've never scouted this place before you didn't get to choose where you're at
and it's flies away. And you're just like, wow. Somehow I have to delays here.
Yeah, they did. There was wild animals.
There. Yeah.
They scout out and basically try to find 10 spots that have some form of
potential sustainability on them. And then you got to try to unlock the key,
you.
Know, did you have any filtration system for water? No.
I started by boiling all my water,
but then I just slowly drink bits of raw water until I could
pretty much just drink while raw water, because it's, I was,
it was a big old lake up in the far north. It's like, there's pretty clean, so,
and I didn't get sick, but I drank.
He got out of a lake once off of, uh, in, um, uh, prince of Wales,
Alaska, apparently it's high enough altitude. So there's no beavers. Yeah. Yeah.
It was still weird. Just dipping weight drinking.
Yeah. That's what we had done in Siberia too.
And it's always could even in like, Mosse puddles, it's like this yellow water,
but they'll just dip right in and out.
Now, when you said you drank a little bit, that was to test to see that.
But get mildly sick rather than chugging it to begin with. Right.
So you boiled it at first and then started sipping it a little bit and then
eventually just were drinking it. Yeah.
Although another thing in the FA in the cold,
when you're trying to conserve calories like that, you uh,
don't want to drink a lot of cold water side heat anyway. So that makes.
Sense. Yeah. And what did you do for shelter?
Uh, the tarp was one of the things we took.
So I built a little like a frame shelter just out of
logs, covered it. Like chinked it with Moss, but the frame of it,
I spent less time on shelter, more time, like procuring food and hunting.
So it was a quick shelter, threw it up. I knew, I mean,
I've lived in a teepee in that weather,
so I like knew I was going to be fine on the cold,
as long as I could provide enough calories to keep my body warm.
So how many days did it take you before you got an animal?
Uh, well, I got him rabbit on day one, so that was nice.
And then I continued to get rabbits,
but it was 23 days when I got a moose.
So that was good. And then you're good. Kind.
Of it's like, yeah.
Yeah. I mean, again, I was amazed how much fat you eat, you know, like, yeah.
So I was, I was counting my moose and being like, Hmm,
this isn't like an infinite supply of food here. You know.
Not enough fat.
Cause you're definitely eating more fat than you are protein.
But plus I had a Wolverine come and pillage my stores of fat and
stuff. So.
Yeah, I heard about that. So how did that happen? What,
where did you store everything? Well.
Initially I didn't, to be honest, I didn't expect to see a Wolverine.
I never have, and I just wasn't something on my consciousness.
And so when I got the moose, I put all the meat up on this shelf.
I built and thought, man, if a bear comes, it'll be great.
I'll have a chance at a bear. You know,
I'll wake up at night and kind of be like a bait pile basically. Yeah. Yeah.
And so I was maybe expecting a bear to come,
but I went to sleep the first night I got the moose and woke up and I came out
and there were just tracks everywhere. Somehow I hadn't woken up,
but Wolverine's a lot slyer animal.
And he had come and pulled out all the kidney fat, you know,
I had like a jug kidney found that I.
Was just like, no. And all your family hauled.
Off a full gallon jug packed with kidney fat.
I had other fat, but that was like, you know, weeks of fat there, I was find it.
No, it was, it was rough. And so then he was pretty excited.
I'm sure that Wolverine just kept coming back every day. I figured,
I don't know if they're like, I figured they were nocturnal,
but they sure enough I'd be like out there scraping my moose hide in the middle
of the day. He'd come running up and like try to grab some meat and run off.
And I was like, holy smokes, this thing's bold.
Is this a photo of him? Yeah. That's the.
One that's at my shelter. There are that's up in the show.
There he is sneaking around the, uh,
but yeah, so he stole 35,000 calories, which is gold.
Oh, so you got some series gear on you're wearing KU you. Yeah.
So yeah. Real, real gear. Yeah. You're not naked and afraid. Fortunately. No.
That's a serious, uh, hunting gear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And there's, you're,
you're a pillar. Is that when you off the moose fat yeah.
Gala moose, moose fat contains roughly 35,000 calories. Wow. Gone God,
a little Marine. You should get that in the little tent with you.
Yeah, I really should have. I thought I would hear a bear coming,
but didn't think Wolverine then the, uh, anyway,
he kept coming every day and I knew,
I knew it was going to be me or him kind of on that island.
There's a scary little Fox.
I heard I, maybe you Jamie could find it, but that at one killed a.
Polar bear in the zoo a while ago. Yeah. I'm not shocked.
Or OSHA's little things.
Oh. They will always have them chasing bears off of kills wolves.
All that was like, what the? [inaudible]. Yeah. And they're so durable. Like
they get bit by bears and wolves and they just shake.
It off. Cool animals for real. Yeah, man.
It's just a weird animal, right? It is so ferocious and.
Small. Yeah. Just making it on attitude out.
There. Anger liking.
A little muscle ball. Like when I eat him. Yeah. Of course. If you shoot a,
well, I was actually killed it with my ax, but when you do that,
you've got to eat the heart out of it's like cut it open in the heart.
Then I ate a drumstick of course, but it tasted like skunk. So I was like,
I'll save the rest for a rainy.
Day. Tastes like.
Just smelled of that was assuming now they have a musky flavor.
Oh, I'm sure gross animal. But imagine how much testosterone those little.
Course and the survey.
So you, uh, you ate his drumstick and that's.
Yeah. And the Oregon's for the vitamins. Did.
You try to use the rest of them for bait for something?
No, I was just saving it for eating later. You know,
like I put it up on my store cash. Yeah. When it dark day I'll eat that.
And you run out of moose and it does go a.
Year. Yeah, exactly.
So when you didn't have the fat, like what was it like just eating.
Did you have some fat? Oh.
I mean, to be fair, there's still a lot of fat on a moose, like was, uh,
all the ribs, you know, the, but the rump has a big, old thick layer of fat.
You got the, it's a weird, the ma the bone marrow is, yeah.
That's all straight fat. The brain, you know, there's like,
there's a lot of fat still, but that was kind of the easiest fat,
you know, anyway. Yeah. It was, it was sad, but not the end of the world.
It was only,
it was mostly depressing and that I figured somebody else got something big.
And once I lose that, now I'm at a disadvantage again.
So then it put the fire under me to keep getting more.
So you killed them with an ax, but you shot him on the boat first, right?
Yeah. The Wolverine yet. So what did.
You like pinned him to the ground with the boat? Yeah.
Yeah, it was, he had come the night before and I had seen him behind a Bush.
And as you know,
I had my flashlight and I could see his eyes and I've thought about firing an
arrow in there, but I was like, oh,
surely he's going to come out and they'll get a better shot, but he must,
he like closed his eyes, snuck away.
And I never saw him leave from behind the Bush. I was like, dang it.
I missed my opportunity.
The next day I saw him again the next night coming down through some shrubs.
And, uh, I had like set up some warning systems around like cans on strings.
So I'd hear him coming. And I heard like blank, blank, blank. I was like,
oh gosh, I got my bow went outside. Sure enough. You'd like scurried down.
This hill went behind a Bush.
And I just sent my arrow in there this time and the Bush through the Bush.
And so I don't know what it did going through there,
but it deflected deflected branches. Yeah. Pinned his leg,
his back leg to the ground. Like top of the era was in the branches.
And it just gave me enough time to grab my ax run over there. He was just like,
you know, Zack video one, those little guys,
dude, you must've been so terrified so fast.
Yeah. It wasn't a cool, like you picture me like killing it, like really blah.
But it was like, no, it was,
it was to film all that too. Yeah. But it was at night.
So it's kind of grainy.